hi Pam dinner here I hope you are doing
well I just finished reading a book talk
triggers by Jay Baer and Daniel lemon
it's a book that offers complete guide
to creating customers through word of
mouth strategy and I have to tell you it
totally exceeded my expectations Jay and
Daniel provided what they call four five
and the six systems they identify four
requirements that you can use for talk
triggers for your customer to spread the
word for you then they also identified
the five different kind of talk triggers
that you can use for your marketing
outreach they ended the book with the
six steps six steps that you can
implement to craft your waterml strategy
according to them repeatable
differentiated and relevant what a mouth
is not a gimmick is a business decision
and I 100% agree with that and the youth
doubletree hotel as an example so when
you check into the hotel and they
provide you a delicious and the warm
chocolate chip cookie that actually
surprised a lot of customers they were
like oh this is kind of nice and it
provides an opportunity for people to
talk about their initial experience of a
check-in to addabbo Tree Hotel just a
little cookie on top of that that little
cookie it's reasonable repeatable
remarkable and irrelevant it's relevant
to the brand
it fits the brands and is also relevant
to the customers on top of it it's a
business decision Jay and Daniel provide
many examples as such in their book and
whenever I read a business book and I
try to apply author's ideas to what I do
with so many examples in the book I
actually share those examples with my
team during our 2019 planning and we use
the six steps that they suggested and we
dug a little deeper actually a whole lot
deeper into our understanding of our
customers and also look
into the different purchase journey and
a touch point that we created for our
customers we want to see what else we
can do to create talk triggers for our
customers again it's intentional plant
and business decision we'll see how that
goes not everything we do will be
successful but we want to give it a shot
and hear some memorable quotes actually
found a book I want to share with you
number one Park triggers aren't gimmick
they are business choices and I 100%
agree with that I just share that with
you in terms of what I wanted to do as a
part of 2019 planning and another one I
thought I was good is experimenting your
business firsthand just as a customer
would can help you identify potential
talk triggers and I 100% agree with you
it's pretty much walk in your customers
shoes and to identify what you can do
actually for them better and the
allowence same-same is lame so do
something surprise yourselves and your
customers and try to delight them check
out the book on Amazon and I have to say
well done Jay and Daniel well done
hashtag talk triggers and all of you are
hustling and work hard well you know
take a break sometimes alright I hope I
will talk to you soon bye